A message indicating a malfunction in the engine management system. The user needs to test the operation of the control module and make sure that it is in good contact with the mains. A problem may be a clogged connector. 
Overheating of the power unit. It is necessary to check the quality and level of the coolant and add consumables if necessary. 
Reduced refrigerant level in the cooling system. It is necessary to check the volume of fluid and make up for it. If the level of antifreeze is all right, the problem may be a malfunction of the volume sensor.
Reduced engine fluid pressure in the powertrain. The driver needs to stop the engine in order to prevent its failure. The amount of grease is checked and added if necessary. The pressure problem may be due to a breakdown of the sensor.
Reduced engine fluid
Reduced brake fluid level in the brake system. It is necessary to open the hood and check the expansion tank with consumables.
Wear and brake pad replacement
Gearbox malfunction, transmission unit went into emergency operation mode. There may be a speed limit, some gears may not be included. Such a problem may be accompanied by jerks and shocks. The user needs to test the operation of all the components of the box, from the control unit to the sensors. Typically, such an error manifests itself with the constant use of low-quality or used oil. If there are traces of precipitation and wear products in the fluid, the consumable must be replaced.
Problems in the operation of the car stop lights. One or two taillights are reported to be inoperative.
Malfunction in the low beam system. If the light sources are intact, then the user needs to check the operation of safety devices and relays. Also , the problem may be in the wiring .
Failures in the overall lighting system. The steps to find the cause are similar - you need to check the bulbs, wiring and fuses.
Driving Light Problems
Malfunctioning rear fog optics
Malfunctions in the front fog optics
Inoperability of a system of illumination of a back license plate of a car
The high beam of the car does not work or malfunctions
Handbrake malfunction. A message may also appear on a car with the engine running if the “handbrake” is raised.
Warming up glow plugs. This message is relevant only for diesel power units.
Reduced washer fluid level in the expansion tank under the hood
Brake light switch malfunction
Reduced rear brake pressure
Damage to the electrical component in the operation of an automatic transmission
Reduced transmission fluid in the box. The user needs to open the filler plug and check the lubrication level in the unit. The leak may be due to damage to the gearbox or one of the oil channels.
There is no connection with stop signals
General message indicating a malfunction in the vehicle. In most cases, the problem is accompanied by the inability to start the engine as a result of the discharge of the battery.
Malfunction of the digital CAN interface
A message about the need to check the parking lights. Diagnostics of optics, light sources , as well as fuses and relays is required . The problem of inoperability may be due to breakage or clogging of the contacts of the sensor mounted on the brake pedal.
CheckTrailer Lights
Trailer headlights do not work or function incorrectly, diagnostics of bulbs and wiring are required
Need to check tire pressure
No stabilizing effect of DSC or xDrive systems
The appearance of failures in the operation of the injection system of the power unit
The ride height control system is inactive; you must not exceed a vehicle speed of more than 60 km / h. Messages are displayed on the dashboard one after another.
Changing the ride height from optimal to moving under load. Warning lights on the instrument panel for 3 seconds .
Activation of emergency operation of the gearbox. The problem is relevant only for automatic transmissions.
Overheating box transmission car
RDC module malfunctioning
Damage to one of the tires 
Excessive pressure turbocharging
Insufficient boost pressure
Inadequate boost pressure. There may be problems with the drive.
Critically low discharge air pressure. With such a problem, the engine can accelerate poorly, and the box often does not go into manual or sport mode (for automatic transmissions). It is recommended to dismantle the turbine and diagnose it, as well as to make sure that there are no defects and that the unit geometry is correct.
A false code that does not indicate a malfunction in the car. The reason is incorrect functioning of the car control unit software or malfunctioning firmware. Also, the code may be informational in nature and not be related to the microprocessor.
Malfunctions of the boost pressure control system. The problem may be air leaks, so you need to check all the lines of the system for leaks.
Malfunctions of the soot particle filter system
Malfunction of the exhaust gas recirculation control system. With such an error, it is recommended to diagnose all components of the unit, but start with oxygen and air flow sensors. Most likely , one of the devices must be replaced .
Error EML (EML) - a malfunction in the valve control system. There may be problems with starting the engine, up to the impossibility of starting it.
Low pressure in the low pressure fuel system
Malfunctions of the boost pressure control system. There was a shutdown of the unit, possible malfunctions in the engine. The injection pressure is outside the limits of the permissible range .
The speed of the water pump does not match the set values. Most likely, the problem is a motor fault or internal contact closure.
Particulate filter system malfunctions
Large particle filter malfunction
Depreciation or failure of the brake pads. Perhaps the problem is the operation of the sensor itself, mounted on the pads.
Worn brake pads in the car. The problem is the rear axle, so you need to test the pads located on the rear wheels.
Malfunction of the automatic air recirculation control system. The problem must be sought in the wiring or poor-quality contact of one of the sensors. Also, the cause may be a malfunction of the air conditioning control unit or the compressor unit.
Critically high boost pressure in a turbocharger
Water pump or pump malfunction - device is locked. A replacement mechanism is required since it cannot be repaired at home.
The malfunction code in the passive safety system may indicate a malfunction in the strap or pillows. It is necessary to test all the sensors and the correctness of their connection, as well as the absence of damage or clogging on the pads. The problem may be in the pretensioner belts or squib pillows .
A common mistake in the operation of airbags. The user needs to check the operation of all passive safety elements, starting from sensors and ending with the control unit, as well as the Airbag squibs .
Malfunction of an additional water pump
If the on-board computer (BC) M51 or another version showed this code, this indicates electrical malfunctions associated with the functioning of the passive safety system. Belts and pillows are subject to diagnosis, in particular, their sensors. The problem may be the poor contact of one of the devices with the mains, as well as power surges.
Malfunction of the active steering system. The user needs to check all the sensors and the wiring of the steering column, and also make sure that the devices are in good contact with the network.
Malfunction associated with the operation of the exhaust gas recirculation system. The problem lies in the insufficient level of recycling .
On BMW E3 and other versions, this code indicates problems associated with the functioning of the exhaust air supply system. The engine control unit reports an incorrect air flow rate, so the problem may be leakage and lack of tightness.
Failures in the operation of the exhaust air supply system, the problem is in the first engine bank 
Malfunctions of the intake system with a variable intake path length. There may be a malfunction of the camshaft or Valvetronic unit . The shaft must be checked for damage to the teeth.
General malfunction code in the operation of the variable valve timing system. It is necessary to test all camshaft controllers and labels on the pulleys. The problem may be the wear or damage of one of the cloves.
The problem of the Vanos system - valve timing
Failures in the operation of the variable valve timing system. Malfunction of the control mechanism, the required position of the shafts is not achieved.
Malfunction of the intake camshaft control system. The problem should be sought in the first and second rows of cylinders .
Failures in the control function of the camshaft of the exhaust system in the second row. It is reported on the violation of identification tags or valves .
Valvetronic valve timing system malfunction - minimum lift limit exceeded
Camshaft differences - sensor readings are out of range
Malfunction of the exhaust camshaft correlation system. The cause of the problem must be sought in the pulley itself, the lack of alignment of marks or mechanical damage to one of the teeth. Also, the problem may be in the camshaft sensor .
The variable valve timing system is faulty. The reason must be sought in the valves, the shafts themselves or the sensors.
Incorrect camshaft position, the problem is in the first engine bank. The engine control unit reports an too early angle for opening the valves, a malfunction of the system is noted. The cause of the problem P0011 may consist in the operation of the engine control unit.
Late position A of the camshaft in the first bank. With such an error, the Check Engine indicator always lights up on the dashboard .
Failures in the drive mechanism for changing the valve timing. It reported on too early corner opening valves .
Malfunctions in the operation of the drive device of the variable valve timing system. The problem is related to the release of the first engine bank. The reason should be sought in the late opening angle.
Wrong position of camshafts. The problem is the valve opening angle is too late. The cause of the malfunction may consist in incorrect alignment of marks on the pulleys or malfunctions in the functioning of the control module.
Incorrect engine camshaft position. The problem should be sought in the second bank of the power unit. The reason consists in too early angle opening .
Malfunctions in the system of changing the valve timing, the problem is in the first engine bank. The reason is the signal arriving at the control unit - the impulse goes beyond the upper or lower range. It is necessary to test the wiring and connectors .
Faults associated with the operation of the variable valve timing system. The problem is the rejection of control in the first bank of the power unit. The reason should be sought in the power line .
Incorrect reference value in the position of the crankshaft and camshafts of the intake valves. The resulting value goes beyond the limits of the permissible range .
Stop adaptation of the Vanos system associated with a change in the valve timing 
Incorrect fuel pressure in the line recorded by the control unit
Malfunction of the fuel supply pump control system. It is necessary to check the integrity of the wiring and the quality of the contact of the pump motor with the on-board network. The problem may be a motor failure or damage to the connector. You should also make sure that the relay or fuse responsible for the operation of the fuel pump is operational.
Inadequate fuel rail pressure. The user must test the integrity of all pipes and lines for wear.
Problems in the operation of the pressure control system in the ramp when starting the power unit (relevant for BMW X1 E84)
Error in the formation of the air-fuel mixture. It is necessary to check the operation of the fuel filter device, and also to make sure that the oxygen sensors and air mass flow sensors are in working condition.
Pump malfunction, mechanism shuts down
Malfunctions in the operation of the high-pressure fuel pump or converter elements. It is necessary to test both nodes and check their wiring. The cause of the problem may be due to a malfunction of one of the fuses or the relay.
Malfunction of the fuel evaporation valve
Malfunctions of the fuel quantity control system, it is necessary to check the pumping device
Failures in the boost control system
Incorrect fuel line pressure. The problem is accompanied by a decrease in the power of the power unit and may be associated with a malfunction of the pumping device and sensors.
Malfunctions associated with the functioning of the heating mechanism of the fuel filter. The user needs to test the filtering device in detail and replace it in the event of a malfunction. Otherwise, starting the E65 engine or another model will not be possible if the water freezes in the filter.
Failures in the fuel pressure control system. The operating pressure level is critically low; the control unit also reports a positive adjustment deviation. Check all sensors and trunk integrity.
A malfunction of the make-up pump of the heating or heating system. Most likely, the problem is an additional water pump. If the assembly is faulty, it is necessary to check in detail the operation of its brushes for wear and replace the mechanism in case of breakage. A malfunction of the pump will lead to malfunctions in the heating system.
Malfunctions of the fuel balance formation system. The data received by the microprocessor does not correspond to the normalized parameters or is outside the acceptable range. The user needs to check the oxygen sensor located after the catalytic converter.
Violation of the fuel balance formation system. The cause of the problem may be the operation of the oxygen controller installed after the catalytic converter.
Malfunctions in the fuel balance system. The problem P0170 must be sought in the first bank of the power unit. A malfunction is usually accompanied by a limitation of engine power.
Malfunctions in the fuel balance maintenance system. The problem is in the second bank of the power unit. The reason may be a malfunction of the gasoline pump or one of the elements of the ignition system. It is also necessary to test the operation of oxygen sensors and air flow.
Malfunction of the catalytic converter. The problem is the first engine bank and indicates no reduced efficiency in the operation of the unit.
Incorrect formation of the air-fuel mixture and a malfunction in the fuel balance system. In practice, this problem is usually associated with malfunctions in the operation of oxygen controllers and air mass flow. In the first bank of the engine, a lean fuel mixture is observed. 